I think there is a risk that the left
gets very very angry and starts to be
really really aggressive and accusatory
towards people who might be voting for
reform. I want to show you a clip which
I saw on politics Joe the other weekend.
So let's run it.
Wealth tax or no wealth tax?
It's a very hard one. I mean I come from
a working-class town. Everything in kind
of reforms policies would maybe leaning
more towards no wealth tax.
So for me if the wealth tax was possible
I'm at a stage in my politics where I
would actually support it. There are a
lot of reform voters who be supportive
of world taxes. If you want to get
progressive change in the next election,
you need to win people over. And I think
you need to be really careful to resist
the temptation to go around shouting at
people, calling them racists. Um,
listen, there are racists in this
country. There always have been racists
in this country. I totally understand
the instinct of people on the left to
worry about increasing racism in
society. I think it's happening. I can
feel it happening. You need to be
pragmatic. You need to be sensible.
Reform are going to win the next
election and you are not going to stop
that by turning around and calling
people racists. You need to be
relentless and aggressive in your
pursuit of common ground and unity. And
that means you're willing to go to
people who you might not agree with
everything about and say, "Listen,
I know we don't agree on everything, but
let's find the thing that we do agree on
and let's fight for that." Because those
people at those protests, they just like
you are struggling to pay the rent.
Their kids are struggling to pay the
rent. They're struggling to find
economic futures. If you center that, if
you focus on that, you can build
something positive. You can win them
over. If you focus on what divides you,
all you're going to do is make this
country more and more divided.